“Don’t put off for tomorrow what you can do today because if you enjoy it today, you can do it again tomorrow.”
“Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment.”
“The really happy people are those who have broken the chains of procrastination, those who find satisfaction in doing the job at hand. You can be, too.”
“Success is not obtained overnight. It comes in instalments; you get a little bit today, a little bit tomorrow until the whole package is given out. The day you procrastinate, you lose that day’s success.”
“Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.”
“The best way to get something done is to begin.”
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."
“Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency.”
“A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn into glorious success.”
“When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that in itself is a choice.”
“Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.”
“You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.”
“Think of many things; do one.”
“A day can really slip by when you’re deliberately avoiding what you’re supposed to do.”
“If you want to get ahead in life, I’ve found that perhaps the most useless word in the world is tomorrow.”
“What is deferred is not avoided.”
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.”
“Sometimes, things may not go your way, but the effort should be there every single night.”
“Plans are nothing; planning is everything.”
“Learning never exhausts the mind.”
“Often greater risk is involved in postponement than in making a wrong decision.”
“Doing just a little bit during the time we have available puts you that much further ahead than if you took no action at all.”
“Yesterday is a cancelled check. Tomorrow is a promissory note. Today is the only cash you have, so spend it wisely.”
“Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.”
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.”
“Procrastination is the silent dream killer.”
“Stop talking. Start walking.”
“When there is a hill to climb, don’t think that waiting will make it smaller.”
“Delay not to seize the hour!”
“Procrastination is the grave in which opportunity is buried.”
“The really happy people are those who have broken the chains of procrastination, those who find satisfaction in doing the job at hand.”
“Procrastinating does nothing more than add to your do list. Do it, be done with it!”
"Procrastination is not without its cost.”
Don't procrastinate. Life is way too short.”
“Procrastination is my sin.”
“He who hesitates is last.”
“Don't let procrastination take over your life. Be brave and take risks. Your life is happening right now.”
“The greatest amount of wasted time is the time not getting started.”
“Delay is the deadliest form of denial.”
“Suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret.”
“Every day you wait is another day you won't get back.”
“Tomorrow is too late. Yesterday is over and now is exactly the right moment so start.”
“It does not matter how slowly yo go as long as you do not stop“
“Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.”
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.”
“All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.”
“Believe that you can and you are halfway there.”
“Today is the only day, Yesterday is gone.”
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.”
“You learn from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.”
“It is not whether you get knocked down. It is whether you get up.”
“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated."
“Even if you’re on the right track – you’ll get run over if you just sit there.”
“You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.”
“My advice is to never do tomorrow what you can do today. Procrastination is the thief of time.”
“Whatever you want to do, do it now! There are only so many tomorrows.”
“If you put off everything till you’re sure of it, you’ll never get anything done.”
“Begin while others are procrastinating. Work while others are wishing.”
“The only difference between success and failure is the ability to take action.”
“You can’t get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.”
“Diligent hands will rule, but laziness ends in forced labor. “
“Time wasted is existence; used is life.”
“How does a project get to be a year behind schedule? One day at a time.”
“If you procrastinate when faced with a big difficult problem… break the problem into parts, and handle one part at a time.”
“You may delay, but time will not, and lost time is never found again.”
“Following-through is the only thing that separates dreamers from people that accomplish great things.”
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”